The avatar returns (part 2) - youtube
Https://www.Youtube.Com/watch?V=d1ent3mr8xw

Transcript:
(00:10) katara, voice-over: Water, earth, fire, air... Long ago, the 4 nations lived together in harmony. Then, everything changed when the fire nation attacked. Only the avatar, master of all 4 elements, could stop them. But when the world needed him most, he vanished. 100 years passed, and my brother and I discovered the new avatar, and airbender named aang.

(00:40) and although his airbending skills are great, he has a lot to learn before he's ready to save anyone. But I believe aang can save the world. Katara: He's alive! Aah! Finally! That light came from an incredibly powerful source. It has to be him. Head a course for the light. I'm aang. You're an airbender. Katara: Aang, this is the entire village.

(01:21) no one has seen an airbender in a hundred years. We thought they were extinct. Extinct? You're looking at the only waterbender in the whole south pole. I have a flying bison. Appa and I can personally fly you to the north pole. Katara, we're gonna find you a master. Aang: What is that? Katara: A fire navy ship.

(01:43) aang, stop. The ship could be booby trapped. Aang, how long were you in that iceberg? I don't know. A few days maybe. Katara: I think it was more like a hundred years. [both gasp] what's that you said about booby traps? Uh-oh. I found the avatar... As well as his hiding place. Yay! Yay! Aang's back! [children laughing] I knew it.

(02:46) you signaled the fire navy with that flare. You're leading them straight to us, aren't you? Aang didn't do anything. It was an accident. Yeah, we were on the ship and there was this booby trap and, well, we-- we boobied right into it. Katara, you shouldn't have gone on that ship. Now we could all be in danger.

(03:04) don't blame katara. I brought her there. It's my fault. A-ha! The traitor confesses! Warriors, away from the enemy! The foreigner is banished from our village. Sokka, you're making a mistake. No, I'm keeping my promise to dad. I'm protecting you from threats like him. Aang is not our enemy. Don't you see? Aang's brought us something we haven't had in a long time--fun.

(03:31) fun? We can't fight firebenders with fun! You should try it sometime. Get out of our village now! Grandmother, please, don't let sokka do this. Katara, you knew going on that ship was forbidden. Sokka is right. I think it best if the airbender leaves. Fine, then I'm banished, too. Come on, aang, let's go. Where do you think you're going? To find a waterbender.

(03:58) aang is taking me to the north pole. I am? Great! Katara, would you really choose him over your tribe, your own family? Katara, I don't want to come between you and your family. So you're leaving the south pole? This is good-bye? Thanks for penguin sledding with me. Where will you go? Guess I'll go back home and look for the airbenders.

(04:31) wow. I haven't cleaned my room in 100 years. Not looking forward to that. It was nice meeting everyone. Let's see your bison fly now, airboy. Come on, appa, you can do it. Yip yip! Yeah, I thought so! [crying] aang, don't go. I'll miss you. I'll miss you, too. Come on, boy. [whimpers] katara, you'll feel better after you-- you happy now? There goes my one chance of becoming a waterbender! All right, ready our defenses! The fire nation could be on our shores any moment now! But I got to--

(05:35) and no potty breaks! [yawns] yeah, I liked her, too. [gasps] the village! Appa, wait here! [explosion]

(06:59) [gasping] [rumbling] oh, man! [whimpering] oh, man. [villagers screaming] sokka! Get out of the way! [shouting]

(09:00) where are you hiding him? He'd be about this age, master of all elements. I know you're hiding him. [shouting] show no fear! [cheering]

(10:18) [cheering] hey, katara. Hey, sokka. Hi, aang. Thanks for coming. Looking for me? You're the airbender? You're the avatar? Aang? No way. I've spent years preparing for this encounter, training, meditating. You're just a child. Well, you're just a teenager. If I go with you,

(11:23) will you promise to leave everyone alone? No, aang, don't do this. Don't worry, katara. It'll be ok. Unh! Take care of appa for me until I get back. Head a course to the fire nation. I'm going home. We have to go after that ship, sokka.

(12:33) aang saved our tribe. Now we have to save him. Katara, i-- why can't you realize that he's on our side? If we don't help him, no one will. I know you don't like aang, but we owe him and-- katara, are you going to talk all day or are you coming with me? Sokka! Get in. We're going to save your boyfriend. He's not my-- whatever.

(12:57) what do you two think you're doing? You'll need these. You have a long journey ahead of you. It's been so long since I've had hope, but you brought it back to life, my little waterbender. And you, my brave warrior, be nice to your sister. Yeah, ok, gran. Aang is the avatar. He's the world's only chance. You both found him for a reason.

(13:31) now your destinies are intertwined with his. There's no way we're going to catch a warship with a canoe. [grumbling] appa! You just love taking me out of my comfort zone, don't you? This staff will make an excellent gift for my father. I suppose you wouldn't know of fathers, being raised by monks. Take the avatar to the prison hold and take this to my quarters.

(14:08) hey, you mind taking this to his quarters for me? Ugh! So, I guess you've never fought an airbender before. I bet I can take you both with my hands tied behind my back. Man: Silence. Man: The avatar has escaped! Sokka: Go. Fly. Soar. Please, appa, we need your help. Aang needs your help.

(15:11) up. Ascend. Elevate. Sokka doesn't believe you can fly, but I do, appa. Come on, don't you want to save aang? What was it that kid said? Yee-ha? Hup-hup? Wa-hoo? Uh, yip yip? [appa growls] katara: You did it, sokka! He's flying! He's flying! Katara, he's-- I mean, big deal. He's flying. Aah! You haven't seen my staff around, have you? Thanks, anyway.

(16:32) [man snoring] sorry. My staff! Looks like I underestimated you. [appa growling]

(18:27) what is that? Appa! Aang, no! Aang! Aang! Aang! Did you see what he just did?

(19:31) now that was some waterbending. Katara: Aang, are you ok? Hey, katara. Hey, sokka. Thanks for coming. Well, I couldn't let you have all the glory. I dropped my staff. Got it. Ha! That's from the water tribe! Katara! [grunting] hurry up, sokka!

(20:34) I'm just a guy with a boomerang. I didn't ask for all this flying and magic. Yip yip! Yip yip! Huh? Huh? Shoot them down! [laughing] good news for the fire lord. The fire nation's greatest threat is just a little kid. That kid, uncle, just did this. I won't underestimate him again. Dig this ship out and follow them.

(21:38) as soon as you're done with that. Katara: How did you do that with the water? It was the most amazing thing I've ever seen. I don't know. I just sort of did it. Why didn't you tell us you were the avatar? Because I never wanted to be. But, aang, the world's been waiting for the avatar to return and finally put an end to this war.

(22:18) and how am I going to do that? According to legend, you need to first master water, then earth, then fire, right? That's what the monks told me. Well, if we go to the north pole, you can master waterbending. We could learn it together! And, sokka, I'm sure you'll get to knock some firebender heads on the way.

(22:37) I'd like that. I'd really like that. Then we're in this together. All right, but before I learn waterbending, we have some serious business to attend to here, here, and here. What's there? Here we'll ride the hopping llamas. Then way over here we'll surf on the backs of giant koi fish. Then back over here we'll ride the hog monkeys.

(22:59) they don't like people riding them, but that's what makes it fun!