The southern air temple - youtube
Https://www.Youtube.Com/watch?V=tkro92rhwww

Transcript:
(00:10) katara: Water... Earth... Fire... Air. Long ago, the 4 nations lived together in harmony. Then everything changed when the fire nation attacked. Only the avatar, master of all 4 elements, could stop them. But when the world needed him most, he vanished. A hundred years passed, and my brother and I discovered the new avatar, an airbender named aang, and although his airbending skills are great, he has a lot to learn before he's ready to save anyone.

(00:45) but I believe aang can save the world. Aang, how long were you in that iceberg? I don't know. A few days maybe. I think it was more like a hundred years. No one has seen an airbender in a hundred years. We thought they were extinct. According to legend, you need to first master water, then earth, then fire, right? That's what the monks told me.

(01:26) well, if we go to the north pole, you can master waterbending. Wait, my uncle. Tell them I found the avatar. Aang: Wait till you see it, katara. The air temple is one of the most beautiful places in the world. Aang, I know you're excited, but it's been a hundred years since you've been home. That's why I'm so excited! It's just that a lot can change in all that time.

(02:04) I know, but I need to see it for myself. [snoring] wake up, sokka. Air temple, here we come! [groan] sleep now. Temple later. [snoring] sokka, wake up! There's a prickle snake in your sleeping bag! Aah! Get it off! Get it off! Aah! Heh heh heh! Great. You're awake. Let's go. Uncle, I want the repairs made as quickly as possible.

(02:44) I don't want to stay too long and risk losing his trail. You mean the avatar? Don't mention his name on these docks. Once word gets out that he's alive, every firebender will be out looking for him, and I don't want anyone getting in the way. Prince zuko. Captain zhao. It's commander now. And general iroh, great hero of our nation.

(03:05) retired general. The fire lord's brother and son are welcome guests anytime. What brings you to my harbor? Our ship is being repaired. That's quite a bit of damage. Yes. You wouldn't believe what happened. Uncle, tell commander zhao what happened. Yes, I will do that. It was incredible. What, did we crash or something? Yes! Right into an earth kingdom ship.

(03:33) really? You must regale me with all the thrilling details. Join me for a drink? Sorry, but we have to go. Prince zuko, show commander zhao your respect. We would be honored to join you. Do you have any ginseng tea? It's my favorite. [grunt] [rumbles] hey, stomach, be quiet, all right? I'm trying to find us some food.

(04:11) hey! Who ate all my blubbered seal jerky? Oh. That was food? I used it to start the campfire last night. Sorry. You what? Aww. No wonder the flames smelled so good. Aang: The potola mountain range! We're almost there! Aang, before we get to the temple, I want to talk to you about the airbenders. What about them? Well...

(04:37) I just want you to be prepared for what you might see. The fire nation is ruthless. They killed my mother, and they could have done the same to your people. Just because no one has seen an airbender doesn't mean the fire nation killed them all. They probably escaped. I know it's hard to accept. You don't understand, katara.

(04:56) the only way to get to an airbender temple is on a flying bison, and I doubt the fire nation has any flying bison. Right, appa? [appa growls] yip yip! Aang: There it is, the southern air temple. Aang, it's amazing! We're home, buddy. We're home. And by year's end, the earth kingdom capital will be under our rule.

(05:38) the fire lord will finally claim victory in this war. If my father thinks the rest of the world will follow him willingly, then he is a fool. Two years at sea have done little to temper your tongue. So, how's your search for the avatar going? [crash] uh...My fault entirely. We haven't found him yet. Did you really expect to? The avatar died a hundred years ago along with the rest of the airbenders.

(06:09) unless you found some evidence that the avatar is alive. No. Nothing. Prince zuko, the avatar is the only one who can stop the fire nation from winning this war. If you have an ounce of loyalty left, you'll tell me what you found. I haven't found anything. It's like you said-- the avatar probably died a long time ago.

(06:33) come on, uncle. We're going. Man: Commander zhao, we interrogated the crew as you instructed. They confirmed prince zuko had the avatar in custody but let him escape. Now remind me, how exactly was your ship damaged? So where do I get something to eat? You're lucky enough to be one of the first outsiders to ever visit an airbender temple, and all you can think about is food? Sokka: I'm just a simple guy with simple needs.

(07:12) so that's where my friends and I would play airball, and over there is where the bison would sleep. And... [sigh] what's wrong? This place used to be full of monks and lemurs and bison. Now there's just a bunch of weeds. I can't believe how much things have changed. Sokka: So, uh, this airball game-- how do you play? Ugh! Ooh! Ha ha ha! Aang 7, sokka 0.

(07:56) making him feel better is putting me in a world of hurt. Katara, check this out. Fire nation. We should tell him. Aang, there's something you need to see. Ok. Oh! What is it? Uh...Just a new waterbending move I learned. Nice one. But enough practicing. We have a whole temple to see. You know, you can't protect him forever.

(08:40) katara, firebenders were here. You can't pretend they weren't. I can for aang's sake. If he finds out that the fire nation invaded his home, he'll be devastated. Aang: Hey, guys! I want you to meet somebody. Who's that? Monk gyatso, the greatest airbender in the world. He taught me everything I know. But the true secret is in the gooey center.

(09:07) hmm. My ancient cake making technique isn't the only thing on your mind, is it, aang? This whole avatar thing-- maybe the monks made a mistake. The only mistake they made was telling you before you turned 16. But we can't concern ourselves with what was. We must act on what is. But, gyatso, how do I know if I'm ready for this? Your questions will be answered when you're old enough to enter the air temple sanctuary.

(09:44) inside, you will meet someone who will guide you on your journey. Who is it? When you are ready, he will reveal himself to you. Hmm. Now... Are you going to help me with these cakes or not? All right. 1...2... 3. [lemurs chattering] [laughing] your aim has improved greatly, my young pupil. You must miss him. Yeah. Where are you going? The air temple sanctuary.

(10:31) there's someone I'm ready to meet. Katara: But, aang, no one could have survived in there for a hundred years. It's not impossible. I survived in the iceberg for that long. Good point. Katara, whoever's in there might help me figure out this avatar thing. And whoever's in there might have a medley of delicious cured meats.

(10:59) ooh! Unh! Ohh. I don't suppose you have a key. The key, sokka, is airbending. Hello? Anyone home? Zhao: So a 12-year-old boy bested you and your firebenders. You're more pathetic than I thought. I underestimated him once, but it will not happen again.

(12:02) no, it will not, because you won't have a second chance. Commander zhao, I've been hunting the avatar for two years, and i-- and you failed. Capturing the avatar is too important to leave in a teenager's hands. He's mine now. [yells] keep them here. More tea, please. Statues? That's it? Where's the meat? Who are all these people? I'm not sure.

(12:46) but it feels like I know them somehow. Look! That one's an airbender! And this one's a waterbender. They're lined up in a pattern. Air, water, earth, and fire. That's the avatar cycle. Of course. They're avatars. All these people are your past lives, aang. Wow! There's so many. Past lives? Katara, you really believe in that stuff? It's true.

(13:15) when the avatar dies, he's reincarnated into the next nation in the cycle. Katara: Aang, snap out of it. Huh? Who is that? That's avatar roku, the avatar before me. You were a firebender? No wonder I didn't trust you when we first met. There's no writing. How do you know his name? I'm not sure. I just know it somehow.

(13:45) [grunt] you just couldn't get any weirder. ♪♪ ♪♪ [whispering] firebender. Nobody make a sound. You're making a sound. Shh! Shh! That firebender won't know what hit him. [chattering] lemur! Dinner. Don't listen to him. You're gonna be my new pet. Not if I get him first! Aang: Wait! Come back! Sokka: I want to eat you! Ha ha ha! Aah! Unh!

(14:55) [laughing] hey! No fair! My search party is ready. Once I'm out to sea, my guards will escort you back to your ship, and you will be free to go. Why? Are you worried I'm going to try and stop you? Ha ha ha! You...Stop me? Impossible. Don't underestimate me, zhao. I will capture the avatar before you. Prince zuko, that's enough.

(15:27) you can't compete with me. I have hundreds of warships under my command, and you, you're just a banished prince. No home, no allies. Your own father doesn't even want you. You're wrong. Once I deliver the avatar to my father, he will welcome me home with honor and restore my rightful place on the throne. If your father really wanted you home, he would have let you return by now, avatar or no avatar.

(15:55) but in his eyes, you are a failure and a disgrace to the fire nation. That's not true. You have the scar to prove it. Aah! Maybe you'd like one to match! Is that a challenge? An agni kai at sunset. Very well. It's a shame your father won't be here to watch me humiliate you. I guess your uncle will do. Prince zuko, have you forgotten what happened the last time you dueled a master? I will never forget.

(16:31) [chattering] hey! Come back! Come on out, little lemur. That hungry guy won't bother you anymore. Firebenders? They were here? Gyatso. Hey, aang, you find my dinner yet? [sobbing] aang, I wasn't really gonna eat the lemur, ok? Oh, man. Come on, aang. Everything will be all right. Let's get out of here. [gasp] aang! Send word to the fire lord immediately.

(17:40) the avatar has returned. Sokka: Aang, come on! Snap out of it! Aah! Aah! Unh! What happened? He found out firebenders killed gyatso. Oh, no. It's his avatar spirit. He must have triggered it. I'm gonna try and calm him down. Well, do it, before he blows us off the mountain! Remember your firebending basics, prince zuko.

(18:35) they are your greatest weapons. I refuse to let him win. This will be over quickly. [yells] [panting] [yelling] basics, zuko. Break his root. Unh! Unh! [groan] [yelling]

(19:43) aah! Unh! Do it! That's it? Your father raised a coward. Next time you get in my way, I promise, I won't hold back. [yelling] unh! No, prince zuko. Do not taint your victory. So this is how the great commander zhao acts in defeat?

(20:46) disgraceful. Even in exile, my nephew is more honorable than you. Thanks again for the tea. It was delicious. Did you really mean that, uncle? Of course. I told you ginseng tea is my favorite. Katara: Aang, I know you're upset, and I know how hard it is to lose the people you love. I went through the same thing when I lost my mom.

(21:25) monk gyatso and the other airbenders May be gone, but you still have a family. Sokka and i, we're your family now. Katara and I aren't gonna let anything happen to you. Promise. [sigh] I'm sorry. It's ok. It wasn't your fault. But you were right. And if firebenders found this temple, that means they found the other ones, too.

(22:03) I really am the last airbender. Everything's packed. You ready to go? How is roku supposed to help me if I can't talk to him? Maybe you'll find a way. ♪♪ ♪♪ [chomping] mm! Mm! Looks like you made a new friend, sokka. Can't talk. Must eat. Hey, little guy. [chatters] you, me, and appa-- we're all that's left of this place.

(22:47) we have to stick together. Katara, sokka, say hello to the newest member of our family. What are you gonna name him? Momo. [laughter]