00:10
Katara: Water, earth, fire, air... Long ago, the 4 nations lived together in harmony. 
Then everything changed when the fire nation attacked. Only the avatar, master of all 4 elements, could stop them. 
But when the world needed him most, he vanished. 100 years passed, and my brother and I discovered the new avatar, an airbender named aang.
And although his airbending skills are great, he has a lot to learn before he's ready to save anyone. But I believe aang can save the world. 

But before I learn waterbending, we have some serious business to attend to. Here we'll ride the hopping llamas. 
Then way over here we'll surf on the backs of giant koi fish.

01:08
You're just a banished prince. No home, no allies. Your own father doesn't even want you. 
You're wrong. Once I deliver the avatar to my father, he will welcome me home with honor and restore my rightful place on the throne. 
Katara: When the avatar dies, he's reincarnated into the next nation in the cycle.
Aang: Firebenders? Gyatso. I really am the last airbender. 
The only reason you should be interrupting me is if you have news about the avatar. Well, there is news, prince zuko, but you might not like it. Don't get too upset. 
Uncle, you taught me that keeping a level head is a sign of a great leader. Now, whatever you have to say, I'm sure I can take it.
Ok, then. We have no idea where he is. What? You really should open a window in here. 
Give me the map! There have been multiple sightings of the avatar, but he is impossible to track down. 
How am I going to find him, uncle? He is clearly a master of evasive maneuvering. You have no idea where you're going, do you? Well, I know it's near water.

02:48
Sokka: I guess we're getting close, then. Momo, marbles, please. Hey, katara, check out this airbending trick. That's great, aang. You didn't even look. That's great. But I'm not doing it now. Stop bugging her, airhead. You need to give girls space when they do their sewing. What does me being a girl have to do with sewing? Simple.

03:19
Girls are better at fixing pants than guys, and guys are better at hunting and fighting and stuff like that. It's just the natural order of things. All done with your pants, and look what a great job I did. Wait! I was just kidding! I can't wear these! Katara, please! Relax, sokka. Where we're going, you won't need any pants.

03:43
Sokka: We just made a pit stop yesterday. Shouldn't we get a little more flying done before we camp out? He's right. At this rate, we won't get to the north pole until spring. But appa's tired already, aren't you, boy? [grunts] I said, "aren't you, boy?" [yawns] yeah, that was real convincing.

04:03
Still, hard to argue with a 10-ton magical monster. Look! That's why we're here-- elephant koi, and I'm going to ride it. Katara, you've got to watch me. Cold! [laughing] woo! Yeah! Woo-hoo! He looks pretty good out there. Are you kidding? The fish is doing all the work. No, appa! Don't eat that! Aw, man.

05:06
There's something in the water! What's wrong? Aang's in trouble. Aang! Get out of there! Get back here, aang! Come in! [yells] [gasping] aah! What was that thing? I don't know. Well, let's not stick around to find out. Time to hit the road. Or we could stay awhile. Man: You 3 have some explaining to do.

06:10
Girl: And if you don't answer all our questions, we're throwing you back in the water with the unagi. Show yourselves, cowards! Who are you? Where are the men who ambushed us? There were no men. We ambushed you. Now tell us, who are you and what are you doing here? Wait a second. There's no way a bunch of girls took us down.

06:31
A bunch of girls, huh? The unagi's going to eat well tonight. No, don't hurt him! He didn't mean it! My brother's just an idiot sometimes. Aang: It's my fault. I'm sorry we came here. I wanted to ride the elephant koi. How do we know you're not fire nation spies? Kyoshi stayed out of the war so far and we intend to keep it that way.

06:53
This island is named for kyoshi? I know kyoshi. Ha! How could you possibly know her? Avatar kyoshi was born here 400 years ago. She's been dead for centuries. I know her because I'm the avatar. That's impossible. The last avatar was an airbender who disappeared 100 years ago. That's me. Throw the impostor to the unagi.

07:22
Aang, do some airbending. [girls gasping] woman: Wow. Second woman: That's amazing. It's true. You are the avatar. Now, check this out. [cheering] did you hear the news? The avatar's on kyoshi. Huh? [no audio] the avatar's on kyoshi island? Uncle, ready the rhinos. He's not getting away from me this time.

08:05
Are you going to finish that? I was going to save it for later! All right! Dessert for breakfast! These people sure know how to treat an avatar. Mm! Katara, you've got to try these. Well, maybe just a bite. Sokka, what's your problem? Eat! I'm not hungry. But you're always hungry. He's just upset because a bunch of girls kicked his butt yesterday.
08:50
They snuck up on me! Right, and then they kicked your butt. Sneak attacks don't count. Tie me up with ropes... I'll show them a thing or two. I'm not scared of any girls. Who do they think they are, anyway? Mm! This is tasty. What's he so angry about? It's great here. They're giving us the royal treatment.

09:11
Hey, don't get too comfortable. It's risky for us to stay in one place for very long. I'm sure we'll be fine. Besides, did you see how happy I'm making this town? They're even cleaning up that statue in my honor. Well, it's nice to see you excited about being the avatar. I just hope it doesn't all go to your head.

09:28
Come on, you know me better than that. I'm just a simple monk. [girls shrieking] woman: There he is! There he is! Oh! [women shrieking] [women shrieking] [women shrieking] [gasping] man: Hmm, painting the avatar. That's easy enough. Oh, there's another one. Well, I'll make an adjustment here and-- there's more.

10:07
I-- [giggling] ooh! Heh heh! I can't believe I got beat up by a bunch of girls. Sorry, ladies. Didn't mean to interrupt your dance lesson. I was just looking for somewhere to get a little workout. Well, you're in the right place. Sorry about yesterday. I didn't know you were friends with the avatar.

10:51
It's all right. I mean, normally I'd hold a grudge, but seeing as you guys are a bunch of girls, I'll make an exception. I should hope so. A big, strong man like you, we wouldn't stand a chance. True, but don't feel bad. After all, I'm the best warrior in my village. Wow.

11:09
Best warrior, huh? In your whole village? Maybe you'd be kind enough to give us a little demonstration. Oh, well, I mean, i-- come on, girls, wouldn't you like him to show us some moves? [chuckling] well, if that's what you want, I'd be happy to. All right, you stand over there. Now, this May be a little tough, but try to block me.

11:32
Ow! [chuckles] good. Of course, I was going easy on you. Of course. Let's see if you can handle this! Ouch! Oh! That does it! [shouting] anything else you want to teach us? [girls laughing] there she is girls, me in a past life. [girls gasping] you were pretty. Excuse me for a second, ladies. Oh, good. Can you help me carry this back to the room? It's a little heavy.

12:22
Actually, I can't right now. What do you mean, you can't? I promised the girls I'd give them a ride on appa. Why don't you come with us? It'll be fun. Watching you show off for a bunch of girls does not sound like fun. Well, neither does carrying your basket. It's not my basket. These supplies are for our trip.

12:38
I told you, we have to leave kyoshi soon. I don't want to leave kyoshi yet. I can't put my finger on it, but there's something I really like about this place. [giggling] what's taking you so long, aangie? Aangie? Just a second, koko. Simple monk, huh? I thought you promised me this avatar stuff wouldn't go to your head.

12:59
It didn't. You know what I think? You just don't want to come because you're jealous. Jealous? Of what? Jealous that we're having so much fun without you. That's ridiculous. It is a little ridiculous, but I understand. Ugh! [giggling] uh, hey, suki. Hoping for another dance lesson? No, i-- well, let me explain.

13:31
Spit it out. What do you want? I would be honored if you would teach me. Even if I'm a girl? I'm sorry if I insulted you earlier. I was wrong. We normally don't teach outsiders, let alone boys. Please make an exception. I won't let you down. All right, but you have to follow all of our traditions.

13:54
Of course. And I mean all of them. Do I really have to wear this? It feels a little... Girly. It's a warrior's uniform. You should be proud. The silk thread symbolizes the brave blood that flows through our veins. The gold insignia represents the honor of the warrior's heart. Bravery and honor. Hey, sokka.

14:18
Nice dress. Katara, remember how the unagi almost got me yesterday? Yeah. Well, I'm going to go ride it now. It's going to be real dangerous. Good for you. You're not going to stop me? Nope. Have fun. I will. Great. I know it's great. Well, I'm glad you know. I'm glad you're glad. Good! Fine! You're not going to master it in one day.

14:56
Even I'm not that good. I think I'm starting to get it. It's not about strength. Our technique is about using your opponent's force against them. Loosen up. Think of the fan as an extension of your arm. Wait for an opening and then-- hmm. I fell on purpose to make you feel better. I got you! Admit I got you! Ok, it was a lucky shot.

15:35
Let's see if you can do it again. What's taking so long? I'm sure it will be here any second. Um, what about this? Not that again. Boring. Where's unagi? It's getting late. Where are you going? Don't leave! Sorry, aang! Maybe next time! Katara, you showed up! I wanted to make sure you were safe.
16:12
You really had me worried. Back there you acted like you didn't care. I'm sorry. Me, too. I did let all that attention go to my head. I was being a jerk. Well, get out of the water before you catch a cold, you big jerk! On my way! [yelling] [aang screaming] hang on, aang!

17:17
Aah! Aang! Katara: Zuko! I want the avatar alive. Wake up, aang.

18:37
[Coughs] katara. Don't ride the unagi. Not fun. Not bad. Fire bandits have landed on our shores. Girls, come quickly! Hey, I'm not a-- oh, whatever. Come out, avatar. You can't hide from me forever. Find him. I guess training's over.

20:10
Nice try, avatar, but these little girls can't save you. Aang: Hey, over here! Finally. Get inside. Look what I brought to this place. It's not your fault. Yes, it is. These people got their town destroyed trying to protect me. Then let's get out of here.

21:14
Zuko will leave kyoshi to follow us. I know it feels wrong to run, but I think it's the only way. I'll call appa. There's no time to say good-bye. What about "i'm sorry"? For what? I treated you like a girl when I should have treated you like a warrior. I am a warrior... But I'm a girl, too.

21:42
Now get out of here. We'll hold them off. Appa, yip yip! Back to the ship! Don't lose sight of them! I know it's hard, but you did the right thing. Zuko would've destroyed the whole place if we stayed. They're going to be ok, aang. Katara: What are you doing? Thank you, avatar.

22:50
I know, I know, that was stupid and dangerous. Yes, it was.